Original Requirements:
    Chat app.

    * Make Rest API doing:
        * login with JWT ot PAST
        * return message history including counter
        * async let the user send a message
    * phalcon framework, mongodb persistence, docker runtimes (docker compose)
    * coverage in tests and send to github

Unclear (I would usually ask about these but I think I can make sane assumptions):
    * Field with times messages retrieved counter should include current or not?
    * REST format, JSON is the obvious choice.
    * To/From, title, etc I'll leave out at the start.

Approximate approach:
    1. Make it work. Git init into this process.
    2. Add authentication.
    3. Clean up.
    4. Add docker-compose: PHP Phalcon + MongoDB + beanstalkd
    5. Add tests.
        PHP Unit, go for coverage but I'll probably skip being strictly unit tests (whatever gets coverage easily).
    6. Consider missing bits.
    7. Review and cleanup.
    8. Upload to github (push).

Platform:
    IDE: Windows 7, Notepad++, ditto
    DEV: Centos 7, EPEL/REMI/MONGO/DOCKER repos, PHP 7.3.1 + phalcon 3.4.2, beanstalkd 1.1, mongodb 4.0.5
    Docker: docker 18.09.1, docker-compose 1.23.2 (from pip)

    Note that I already have a dev box setup so for that reason wont jump straight into docker.
    Consider php 7.2 for docker as might be more stable (less cutting edge).

Conventions:
    Generally adhering to PSR2.
    Not using portability. For example / will be used at the path seprator.
    In the real world we'd usually only develop for one major platform
    and chances are even if not virtualisation or docker would provide
    platform requirements.

Tech notes:
    I'm quite enthusiastic about phalcon but I haven't used it much as all.
    I've used mongo and for this kind of talk things such as mongo and beanstalk
    generally lend well to being expanded into a scaled architecture.
    However care needs to be taken for criticial data such as finances
    as certain redistribution of responsibility and other things are done
    to achieve performance related potentials.

IO:
    REST
        Needs session though, but JWT doesn't require session. PAST?
        Tempted to try with both as I've not see PAST in action before.

Database/Model:
    User
        Id
        Username string
        Password string
        MessageListCount int
        Created datetime
    Message
        Id
        Content string
        Created datetime

    It's mongo though so user can have Message[] inside user. Given that the requirements only ask for that I'll stick to that as it's the simplest thing that could possibly work.
    Just keep them in insertion order.

Docker:
    php with phalcon + mongo + beanstalk

Tests:
    PHP Unit.
    It's not asking for unit tests specifically just that it be tested and that it cover code so integration tests will likely be alright.
    As in it asks for coverage so presumably how you achieve that is whatever method works best.

Needs:
    Config + Bootstrap
    Front controllers - CLI/REST modes. CLI might also include util scripts.
    Queue - use beanstalk
    ORM / Model (User, Messages)
    Collection needs to be created (migration for mongo?).
    Routing / Controller -> Queue service
    CLI front controller -> Consume Service
    Service layers. Service routing/hooks?
    CLI version for consuming the queue? Can be fetch one at a time but realistically you'd probably want it constantly consuming (deamonised, etc).

Hiccups:

    It turns out that mongo support in phalcon doesn't appear to be complete in PHP 7.

    There are quite a few conventions for folders and namespaces. I've just done what works
    which has some issues such as a mix of plural and singular accross contexts.

    I has a little but of fun with loading the configuration. There are a few approaches to this and IDE
    went from high level to low level. Starting with new Config([arr]) to Factory::load to Grouped.
    I found a potential issue with grouped which I reported on github.

    I didn't go the Micro/Slim route and probably have over-engineered things.
    This is compounded by issues with implementations such as JWT which in about
    convoluted way wraps around the MicroApp when all it really needs is to take
    an interface of both di and events (oir separately) or a common sub class to micro
    and app.

    As this is only the second time I've used phalcon and the first time was more trivial use
    there's an awful lot I'd do differently another time around.

    Things such as this: https://docs.phalconphp.com/en/3.4/environments-docker
    Have disappeared. Meaning this task is problably mor involving then it used to be.

    PHP 7.3 segfaults with mongo.

    There are a lot of things missing such as write concerns, consideration for why the queue process might return false, etc.

    Weird issues with docker-compose. For one service it simply refuses to mount the host directory no matter what.

    Getting unit tests to work elegantly in phalcon is more work than I envisaged (even integration tests).
    Fell back to CLI.

    No time for DRY and abstraction in places.

    Not hiding errors / displaying them properly.
